Problem Set #2, EGR 304 Spring 2023

Below are some git commands, more than one for each student in EGR 304.
Add your name just below one of the commands listed below.
Write some documentation for that command on a few lines underneath 
your name. By way of example, Prof. dDB has done this for the "add"
command.  Do your work in the same style.    

Save the file, add it, commit it, and push it back up to professor De Boer's repository.
If your push is rejected, use "git pull origin <filename>" to merge the work of 
others into your file and then add (stage), commit, and push the file again. 

Commands to briefly document
----------------------------
add
Douglas De Boer
The command, "git add <filespec>" converts the targeted file(s) from 
tracked-modified status or from untracked status to tracked-staged status.  
The files are now ready for a commit (snapshot), presuming they are not 
further edited before the commit.  

branch


checkout


clone
Eddie Mulder
The "git clone" command finds an existing repository (one that is either on the local filesystem or on the GitHub cloud) 
and makes a clone of that repository to be placed in the user's current working directory. The cloned repository will have all 
of the identical files in the original repository that can now be edited, added, commited, and pushed back to the original repository by 
the current user. Files can also be pulled into the cloned repository from the original repository in the event that a file is updated 
by another user.

commit


Chris Dyk 
The command, "git commit" creates a new commit of the contents of the
index created by the "git add" command and adds a message describing the changes. The branch is usually 
updated to point to the new commit.
=======
Jacob Olthoff
The command, "git commit" command takes a snapshot of the staged files
and will open a comment file where you can note the changes that you
made as well as any other comments you wish to make.  Once the command
has executed, it is ready to be pushed.


=======
Logan Van Itallie
The command, "git commit" takes the current staged files and saves them as the latest version on the tree. This also prompts for a comment on the edits made, to ease searching in the future. 


config


diff

init


log


merge 


push

remote

rm


stash


status
